judge striker sure till McDonald of a
Chicago Fire are still desperately in
search of their first goal this season
while Argentinian Claudio Baylor already
has two goals in two games for Sporting
Kansas City we're one of the truly great
atmospheres in Major League Soccer
offensive speed of saponin the ghost boy
an instance of Pyla he's about two and
two already just the second DP to scored
his first two games with his new cloth
koa and took it to get forward in
support of fluent goal scoring instincts
of twist off the schedule MacDonald has
to try and got the team's first goals of
the season
Chicago Fire the visitors in red the
light blue uniforms belong to Sporting
Kansas City underway on rivalry day
that's Paladini a surprise starter
number 11 to the back for Jalil anta
baba
get sitter to the box calling in the air
knotted it down for a teammate it's
still in the dangerous spot
Toronto
and again
good idea their immediate distribution
to the Arco see when the ball comes out
to drum the one thing on his mind is he
back to play up here is to make sure we
hit the target it does come through a
crowded body which makes it difficult to
the Johnson looks a from the key needed
really well after this countenance at in
the championship he has some contact
with their hands
at that corner
she probably won't have a goal kick
- roll sending it forward
unofficially each team penetrated four
shots so far the Ahlers pass couldn't
come around
long shot wide Sean Johnson
not a bad idea the way this is going to
try though some distance low total
especially for all the possession
Sporting Kansas City has had in this
opening half of play in their home
opener it's gonna do it Silvia petrescu
blows the whistle on the fairly
physically moving 45 minutes of what
terms of corners just two in the game
both by Sporting Kansas City no changes
out there to start the second half of
play Sporting Kansas City's on the chase
with Naga Mora knocked away
JP I don't know if you get in a sense of
babble down here you just get in a sense
Assoc cargo of feeling confident himself
look more believes that they can get
something out of this game so that we're
going to be difficult for Kansas to play
through and they can hit them on the
counter agree Sid Novick
was a big rebound but too far wide of
sappong but a close call Johnson in his
fourth year the fire will send this one
long over that halfway line while some
chase its blocks this walk back on it
double up oh what a great dribbling room
that was and then Roselle came over
knocked it out is it a corner nope
group of Chicago's first in Spokane
being treated in Germany they think he
might be able to come back not for the
next home game against Chivas but in
April their second home game after that
against the New York Red Bulls
Sporting Kansas City picks it up with
fail hammer
looking kept it on the ground the turns
upon no Rabanne
John Johnson covers it up slow down well
if I was called Michael Santos but he
got the job dog disrupted in Sporting
Kansas City
in vemos again come from Chicago slogan
slow them down is what the clay disrupt
the packet
to the outside comes Shaq drove in for
the header wide by Baylor and again
claims of the hold in the box if he's
gonna find honey barber he's not gonna
win I have to tell you I'm half judge
for the goal scorer but I've been better
just trying to step across the line of
money barber
SUSE
Susu starts picks it up
five Saban wine right he cuts to the
middle pursue see the box
Kansas City's best chance to score today
during the run-up flight was at the
moment because Russia is the right man
after saying we talk about can they get
him on the ball 2530 arts and gold skips
past the last defender and then just
when he he needs up technique just when
he needs to hit the target or the lifts
his head and takes a ball
Chicago close to their first point of
the season still without a goal but they
take a road point if they can get it
against Sporting Kansas City but I tell
you you've got a big bench to one left
just a support position how long was it
go he said five minutes no we had two
heads
Alex for all almost got a true second
try he does comedy block
jimmy neilson gives it up mama I didn't
think Johnson was getting up Nilsa
nearly got a good starting position was
on his toes that's gonna do it
90 minutes Robby roll no winner today No